docs: non-checkpoint-branch workflow (#1855)
vuejs/router: .github/contributing.md

Contributing to the English docs is the same as contributing to the source code. You can simply create a pull request to our GitHub repo. However, if you would like to contribute to the translations, there are 2 options and some extra steps to follow:

### Translate in a `<lang>` sub-folder and host it on our official repo

If you want to start translating the docs in a _new_ language:

1. Create the corresponding `<lang>` sub-folder for your translation.
2. Modify the i18n config in `.vitepress` sub-folder.
3. Translate the docs and run the doc site to self-test locally.
4. Create a checkpoint for your language by running `pnpm run docs:translation-status <lang> [<commit>]`. A checkpoint is the hash and date of the latest commit when you do the translation. The checkpoint information would be stored in the status file `packages/docs/.vitepress/translation-status.json`. _It's important for the long-term maintenance since all the further translation sync-ups would be based on their previous checkpoints._ Usually you can skip the commit argument because the default value is `main`.

> 5. Commit all the changes and create a pull request to our GitHub repo. Then after the approval and merge by the maintainers. The translation would be affected.

Reviewer: Unless I'm misunderstanding, this doesn't add any information, I think it's simpler without it

```suggestion
5. Commit all the changes and create a pull request to our GitHub repo.
```

> To be noticed, on the top of each translation page, there would be a paragraph to indicate their translation status. So the users can know whether the translation is up-to-date or not.

Reviewer: Let's make it clearer:

```suggestion
We will have a paragraph right at the top of each translation page that shows the status of the translation. That way, users can easily figure out if the translation is up-to-date or lags behind the English version.
```

If you want to maintain an existing translation:

1. See what translation you need to do to sync up with the original docs. There are 2 popular ways:
    1. Via the GitHub Compare page: https://github.com/vuejs/router/compare/ (only see the changes in `packages/docs/*`) from the checkpoint hash to `main` branch. You can find the checkpoint hash for your language via the translation status file `packages/docs/.vitepress/translation-status.json`.
   2. Via a local command: `pnpm run docs:compare-to-translate <lang> [<commit>]`.
2. Create your own branch and start the translation update, following the previous comparison.

> 3. Same to step 4 and step 5 in the “starting a new language” workflow. Once you have done all above, create a pull request and then wait for the maintainers to approve and merge it.

Reviewer: There are a few issues with this section:

- no introductory sentence. It's as if the 1st point was that but I think it's missing something along the lines of Keeping translations updated
- inconsistent spacing (3 and 4, should be 2 spaces)
- The sample URL should be a real example so users can actually replace things in that URL to test it out

Author: @posva for spacing, I found 2 spaces in front of ordered list won't be recognized as indents in the Markdown preview. So I kept 4 spaces instead. The 3 spaces was a mistake, sorry about that (however they can also be recognized as indents).

For the rest part I modified a little accordingly. Please take a further look. Thanks.

> 3. Same to step 4 and step 5 in the “starting a new language” workflow. Once you have done all above, create a pull request and then wait for the maintainers to approve and merge it.

Reviewer: I think it's better to explicitly add the steps 4 and 5 with adapted commands

<!-- TODO: add an example once we have got one -->

### Self-host the translation

You can also host the translation on your own. To create one, just simply fork our GitHub repo and change the content and site config in `packages/docs`. To long-term maintain it, we _highly recommend_ a similar way that we do above for our officially hosted translations:

- Ensure you maintain the _checkpoint_ properly. And also ensure the _translation status_ is well-displayed on the top of each translation page.
- Utilize the diff result between the latest official repository and your own checkpoint to guide your translation.

> Tips: you can add the official repo as a remote to your forked repo, and then still able to run `pnpm run docs:translation-status <lang> [<commit>]` and `npm run docs:compare-to-translate <lang> [<commit>]` to get the checkpoint and diff result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: you can add the official repo as a remote to your forked repo, this way you can still run `pnpm run docs:translation-status <lang> [<commit>]` and `npm run docs:compare-to-translate <lang> [<commit>]` to get the checkpoint and diff result:
```
